Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Okay.
-Okay.
Anything?
Give us a chance. babe.
Are you telling me
all that incredible sex
was for nothing?
Have you put the rice on?
-Yes. chef.
-Yeah. not too much.
Oh. fuck!
Hmm. Well. we know
it's not your eggs.
It's my boys. They just...
need a bit of get-up-and-go.
We can try the frozen peas
on my bollocks again.
The most humiliating night
of my life.
I remember that.
Was that even a thing?
God knows. Anyway. who needs kids?
Can't go to the pub.
can't go on holiday.
You can't get stoned.
And our sex life will be
me wanking six nights a week.
Twice on Sundays.
Hey. little baby. don't you cry
Mamma's gonna buy you a...
House in a gentrified part of London
It's all right to be
a little bit wobbly. babe.
-Hmm?
-I'm not wobbly.
-Yeah. you are.
-No. I'm not.
I know you. you are.
It's always been you and me
versus the rest of the world.
And soon it might be you...
and me...
and it
versus the rest of the world.
Oh. God.
they don't stand a chance.
-No. they don't.
The moment of truth.
Okay.
No?
Yeah.
-No.
-Holy shit! Yes!
Careful. careful. careful!
I'm pregnant!
-Oh. my God. Call your mum.
-I said it out loud.
-I'm... I'm pregnant.
-We need to get champagne.
I know. I...
I can't drink any more.
Well.
alcohol-free fizzy. then.
Oh. my God.
you are fucking amazing!
-Mwah!
-You're amazing!
-Oh. my God. okay. Um...
Either way. this means
one of my boys
got through. I am a man!
Okay. I need to go
and do it again.
I need to go and call my mum.
I'm gonna go and do it again.
-We're having a baby.
-I'm pregnant.
-I love you.
Oh. my God.
Oh. fuck.
Excuse me. Mate.
Yeah. you.
Sorry for calling you
a wanker yesterday.
-That's all right...
-Got any blow?
Uh. no. No. I don't...
Mate. what's wrong?
I can't ask a question?
Fucking anti-social. man.
Am I right?
Excuse me. mate.
What's that. champagne?
What. you rich. mate?
Excuse me! Mate!
Yo!
What. are you
the Secret Millionaire?
You gonna answer me or what.
wanker?
It's not champagne.
it's fucking prosecco. Okay?
Non-alcoholic.
My girlfriend's pregnant.
so go fuck yourself. Okay?
-Honey. I'm home!
Got the bubbly-wubbly.
Good. babe.
Because I'm definitely.
definitely pregnant.
Have you called your mum?
She's gonna go mental.
Oh. shit. Yeah. no.
I need to call her now.
-Go fuck myself?
-No. no. no. no!
-Babe?
-Oh. my God.
No. please. Please. stop!
Hi. uh. is that the police?
Uh. yeah. I need someone
to come. um.
right now. please.
-Um. there's...
There's a break-in. Yeah.
it's. um. 115 Duncombe Road...
-Help! Help!
Help!
-No. please. she's pregnant!
Whoo!
Get away! Get away from me!
Is that right?
You up the spout?
Well. go on. then. Do it!
Let's find out if you're
really nice... or nasty.
That's it. girl.
Shit. feds!
Fam. come on! Come on!
Nice girl. then. Shame. that.
Jamie...
My God. It's so green.
Slight change from the estate.
Yeah. Just a bit.
Look. I don't
want to be the fun police.
but you have to stop smiling
all the time.
I can't help it.
It's just... gorgeous.
Your Aunt Maeve
has just died. remember?
I... I know. I know.
But she's left us a house
with a huge garden.
Yeah. I get it. babe.
but have a little dignity
in your grief.
Ah. Just happy. And... and sad.
There's milk in the fridge.
and I made sure you had
a full canister of gas.
God forbid you should start
your new life in a house
where you can't boil a kettle
for a cup of tea.
We have an actual septic tank.
We are proper
country bumpkins.
He's so easily pleased.
Um. what about the roof?
Oh. no. I can sort that.
You can't change a light bulb
without getting vertigo. babe.
We'll get a professional.
-I'll email you some names.
-Great. thank you.
Thanks. Niamh.
you've been amazing.
-Oh. no bother. sure.
-Seriously.
Maeve wanted to keep the place
in your family. Jamie.
And she'd have loved you.
Maya.
Did you know her well?
As well as anyone could.
which is to say... not very.
She was a funny one. Maeve.
There is one more thing
I need to show you.
and it's a little bit...
little bit peculiar.
Yeah. I came on holiday
here loads as a kid.
It was good times.
I remember you.
All freckles and elbows.
running round like a cat
with its tail on fire.
chasing bees and butterflies.
Aunt Maeve was always
giving me sweets.
Club chocolate bars.
Do you remember them?
I think she used to spoil me
because she never had kids.
Oh. yeah.
I remember this.
Aunt Maeve would never let me
go in there.
Can we go through there?
Do we... do we own the wood
as well?
Maeve believed
in the old ways.
Every evening. before sunset.
she'd leave
a blood offering here.
Sorry. did you say blood?
Well. not like
the Aztec fellas
ripping their hearts
out of their chests. No. no.
She'd leave a little slice
of liver or some such.
For who?
-The Little People.
-Leprechauns?
Brilliant. Oh. I love it.
It's so Irish.
Not leprechauns. exactly.
Some call them the Far Darrig.
or the Redcaps.
So she thought that
these leprechauns. um...
sorry. Little People.
lived in that wood?
Maeve's was a life of sorrow.
She did have a child.
but one she...
Oh. no. please. tell us.
Her husband. a young man.
funny fella.
like yourself. Jamie...
he passed first.
Pneumonia.
Then the child.
-Maeve blamed herself.
-Why?
Maeve told me
it was punishment
for turning her back
on the old ways.
Well. she fell in love.
had a family...
and she forgot to respect
the Little People.
Poor woman.
losing her baby like that.
Seriously. I had no idea.
Mum... Mum never said a thing.
Maeve truly believed that what
she was doing was important.
And if it's all right
with you.
I'd like to continue
the tradition.
An offering. Every day.
You mean you would be coming
into our garden every day?
I'm not sure we're...
No. um. I can do it.
Every day?
We've been gifted
this beautiful house.
and if doing this is
the only price we have to pay.
then we're very.
very happy to do it.
-It's no problem. No.
-I promise.
Bless you both.
Come to Fennessy's tonight.
-First drink is on the house.
-Thanks. Niamh.
-We will. Thank you.
-We will.
It's very sweet. Bye-bye.
Did you pack any raw liver?
You know. that's the one thing
I forgot to pack. Damn it.
Shit. Shit!
I had a list and everything.
-It was. uh. milk. tea bags...
-Blood.
Bloody raw liver
for the... what is it.
Redcap-offering-ritual thing?
What was I thinking?
This is our house.
We live here.
Can you believe it?
Hmm?
I never thought
that we'd get out.
Hey. hey. hey. hey...
That's in the past.
All right? I am never going
to let that happen
to you again.
We're safe here.
I promise. Okay?
Just you.
me and the little one.
-Mm.
-Mm-hmm.
Echoes of the pain
That you have hung upon the staves
-Let it flow
I hear the wind
Rattling my window pane
-Let it blow
Parallel lines
Running through time
They will never entwine
Birds gunshot scatter from your eyes...
-Hey! Hey. shoo!
Shoo! Go on.
-Shoo!
Look what I found.
Oh. yeah.
This used to be
on the mantelpiece.
Yeah.
Maeve would cross herself
every time she looked at it.
Do you think that's her child?
Oh. yeah. That.
Yeah. I'll fix it tomorrow.
babe.
Going. Yeah.
-I need an Irish SIM.
Hi.
My husband emailed you
about getting some work done.
Ah. okay. It could have gone
into your junk mail maybe.
Niamh recommended you.
Does that help?
Yeah. it's our roof.
Yeah.
Um...
I mean.
as soon as possible. really.
Yeah.
Since when did you eat Marmite?
Cravings. babe. Cravings.
I mean...
could they start this week?
She's actually laughing.
Your Aunt Maeve
was some character.
I can tell you.
Healing hands. she had.
Oh. she helped me with a touch
of the gout back in the day.
and for that. well. Jesus...
No. no. put that away.
Put that away.
-Really?
-No. it's on the house.
-It's my treat.
-Oh...
-Mm. Mm...
Oh. man. this is so good.
-Everyone is so nice here.
-Yeah. they are.
Hey. whoa! Check it out. Look.
General builders. Brilliant.
This wasn't on Niamh's list.
though. babe.
Darling. this is Ireland.
It rains
365 days of the year
every year.
not just leap years.
The weather hasn't been
that bad. has it?
Not yet. It's sunny now.
but trust me.
Roofing and kitchens. Result!
-Hello?
-Babe. we should at least...
-Fuck me!
Jesus Christ!
-Thanks for that!
-It's all right. It's okay.
-Fuck!
-Shh. shh.
Hi.
-Sláinte!
-Oh! Ah.
-There you are. son.
-Oh!
You'll taste the difference
straight away.
It's not like that muck
they give you over in London.
-Good luck to you both now.
-Thank you.
Baby clothes. Like this.
A whole sack.
I won't take no for an answer.
That's actually... Thank you!
-They're so nice. Thank you.
-Great!
They're lovely. Aw!
-Hi.
-Oh. bejaysus.
-Cheers.
Sláinte.
-I'm Seamus.
-Nice to meet you. Seamus.
Maeve's house must be
a right auld shambles.
She never had much time
for your modern innovations.
Jaysus. she didn't even
get the electricity
till after the millennium.
Yeah. it's a fixer-upper.
Yeah. mate.
Big feckin' hole in the roof.
Oh. we've noticed.
That's our priority.
But trying to find a builder
round here...
that isn't booked up
is impossible.
Ah. They're all busy lads.
huh?
No. Actually. we've been lucky.
We managed to find someone
to start straight away.
What's his name. um...?
-Col...?
-Colm Whelan.
The Whelans!
That shower of cowboys.
Is there a problem?
Ah. don't take
any notice of them.
The Whelans are fine.
They might get a little
raucous at the weekends.
but they'll do a good job.
Daddy Whelan keeps them
under control. sure enough.
You'll be grand.
Just don't leave your missus
alone with the lads.
They'll be playing on her baps
like kids on a bouncy castle.
Wow!
Rory. would you ever
shut your hole?
-It's... it's not cool. man.
-Wow. No.
I don't mean nothing by it.
I do think you're beautiful...
-Now. that's it now. Home.
Go home and sober up.
you old fool.
You're an old witch.
Away and wash
the back of your bollocks!
Go home and you can
apologize when you're sober!
Ah! Me bollocks!
And take your dog with you!
Fuck you! Come on! Ah! Ah!
Go on! Youse can take your...
So... what did you
leave out tonight?
-Sorry?
-For the Redcaps?
-Oh. shit. I'm so sorry.
-Did we do it?
I completely forgot.
Maya. you promised.
You said...
I know. I'll do it
as soon as I get home.
Cross my heart.
pinkie promise.
Uh. what was it?
It was raw liver and...
Was that it?
-Yeah.
-Right.
Can I have a... a word?
-Fucking hell.
-You're in trouble.
-Really? This is really fun.
-Go on. Go and get told off.
What'll you have. Father?
Guinness. please. a half.
-Let me do this.
-Do what now?
You won't even know I'm there.
First thing in the morning...
So you want to
wander in and out
of our garden. willy-nilly?
It's our house.
it's our garden. No.
I made a promise to Maeve.
And I get that. but I can't...
-What harm will I do?
-No. Niamh!
Look. back in...
back in London...
we had three guys break into
our flat and try to kill us.
What? I'm so sorry. I...
I had no idea.
That...
that must have been awful.
Yeah. it was. And I can't
be scared in my own house.
Not any more. Not again.
And not with this child.
When you said
you'd forgotten...
I broke a promise.
and I know that.
It's important. Maya.
You have to do this.
God. you really do believe.
don't you?
I saw one once.
In the wood
at the bottom of your garden.
sure as I'm standing here.
Plain as day.
But what happened
to not perpetuating
stereotypes of leprechauns
and all that?
The Far Darrig...
are not jolly little elves.
Maya.
They'll be hungry.
And they'll need feeding.
every day.
Okay.
Okay. Every day.
Promise.
Thank you.
-Molly!
Molly. come back here now!
You silly dog. ya! Ahh!
'Twas a box of the finest old oak. sir
'Twas a foot long and four inches wide
Says I to myself. "Fuck the fairies." ha!
And I took a quick look inside
Now I opened the lid of this box. sir
And I swear that my story is true
'Twas an ancient old Irish French letter
A relic of Brian Boru...
Come on! Come on. Molly!
Go on up the yard now.
'Twas an ancient
old Irish French letter
'Twas a foot long and made of elk hide
Molly!
-Molly! Come back here now!
Who's there?
Away home now.
Stop wasting my time.
You feckin' Jackeens!
I'll kick your arse for youse!
It's past your bedtime. little one.
-What are you now?
-Boo!
Wake up! Babe. wake up!
Shh. quiet. You'll wake them up.
Oh. for fuck's sake!
Move your arses.
I want this kitchen done
before I die of old age.
Yeah. well.
if he's not movin' them.
what am I supposed to do?
Careful. you big gobshite!
Hello?
Oh. Jamie. Maya.
Lovely to see you again.
Mr Whelan.
we weren't expecting you.
Daddy Whelan.
Everyone calls me Daddy.
Hmm?
Job fell through.
so we. uh. thought
no time like the present. huh?
Look. you don't mind us at all.
You just carry on with your
day as if we weren't here.
Okay. um. it's just
we would have preferred
if you'd called ahead
because you all scared
the shit out of us.
No. you. maybe.
I mean. I was fine.
Actually... actually.
I wasn't. I was terrified.
Would you like a cup of tea.
Mr Whelan?
Daddy. Call me Daddy.
-Three sugars. plenty of milk.
-Sorry.
So. you're gonna be starting
on the kitchen first.
not the roof?
I mean. we would actually
rather the roof was done...
Well. the scaffold won't be
here till tomorrow. so. uh...
we thought why not make
the use of our time
and start on your kitchen?
Eoin. help your sister
with that. will you.
before she drops it.
I'll dock it
from both your wages.
You brothers and sisters.
are you?
Eoin's our brother
from another mother.
She was a big auld
fuckin' lump. too.
-Killian!
So. you're starting
a family business yourself.
huh?
-Yes.
-When is it due?
Thanks. darling.
Um. any day now.
-Really soon.
-Boy or a girl?
Oh. well.
we want it to be a surprise.
Killian.
Use the cutters. for Jaysus's
sake. not your teeth.
Um. is it three sugars. Mr. Whelan?
Yes. please. darlin'.
Call me Daddy!
Killian. get back to work.
Did you see how the one
with the dodgy haircut
was staring at you?
Well. I saw the sister
giving you a little smile.
And the dad.
making you call him "Daddy".
If he does that again.
I'm gonna...
Then you're gonna what?
-Are you gonna start a fight?
-No.
-But I can finish one.
-Ooh.
With your big Irish cricket bat.
-Just...
Just don't call him "Daddy".
okay? It's weird.
All right. We're not in Camden
any more. Toto.
If we piss him off.
we've still got a hole
in the roof. remember?
There's been
a place of worship here
since the time of the Druids.
Even Cromwell and his men
couldn't extinguish our faith.
Is this your first child?
Sort of.
Sort of?
When I was very young.
before I met Jamie...
I was with a guy.
I got pregnant.
but he wasn't father material.
I see.
It was a difficult decision.
but I don't regret it.
Our lives would have been bad.
Really. really bad.
And... I want this so much.
It's a fighter.
Maya. I can't approve
of your actions. but...
I sincerely hope
that you find peace here.
Thank you.
Well. Jamie. here we are.
Here's your Auntie Maeve.
Next to your uncle
and the little one. of course.
Well. uh.
I got you some flowers...
to say thank you.
We really appreciate you
leaving us the house.
More than you know.
So are they just stacked up
like Lego under there or...
-Jamie.
-I'm just curious.
No. they're side by side.
Of course.
the child is just a stone.
-She was cremated?
-No. The body was never found.
Uh. didn't she die
of pneumonia?
Seriously.
I have never drunk so much tea
in my entire life.
I've got so much caffeine
in my system.
I'm gonna be pissing pure
Barry's for days. I am.
That's Niamh.
Pull over. Pull over. babe.
Oh. yeah.
If you see anything. stop.
raise your hand and call out
and one of the supervisors
will come to you.
Hey. Niamh. Hi.
Rory didn't go home
last night.
No one's seen him
since he left the pub.
Oh. He was pretty drunk.
wasn't he?
You don't think he's...
Oh. no. It's... it's Molly
I'm worried about.
-His dog.
-Can we help?
No. the lads have it covered.
You go on
and have a cup of tea.
Oh. tea. yay. Can't wait.
I'll see you in a second.
Um. we went to go
and see Maeve's grave today.
Father Brendan told me
something interesting.
The baby didn't die of
pneumonia. did she. Niamh?
She made a bargain
with the Redcaps...
to save her dying husband.
But Maeve paid
a terrible price.
What price?
She said the Redcaps
took her baby.
I mean...
could it have been...
a post-natal depression thing?
Because... some women
do hurt their children...
Maeve loved that child
more than life itself!
She wouldn't harm a hair
on her head! No!
No.
After the baby disappeared.
she devoted her life
to leaving those offerings.
Keeping the monsters
on the other side of the wall.
So you're telling me
that my lovely
Great Aunt Maeve.
who used to give me chocolate
bars. was a baby killer?
-Great.
-No. we can't judge.
-People do crazy things.
-Yeah. Crazy.
I was nearly abducted
when I was a little toddler
outside my nursery.
and then my mum...
Your mum punched the guy
unconscious. Yes. I know.
because she tells me that
every time I fucking see her.
All I'm saying is that women.
mothers.
-are capable of crazy shit.
-Yeah.
-Ow!
-Don't fuck with Mumma Bear.
Yeah. Shit.
-Aw. Did I hurt you?
-Fucking guns. you have.
-No. Doesn't hurt.
-Did I hurt Pappa Bear?
Doesn't hurt.
Pappa Bear is fine.
-Oh. is Pappa Bear bruised?
-Pappa Bear's fine.
Oh. for fuck's sake.
Take a breath. babe.
I'm really not in the mood
for a fight.
Is that fucking weed?
-Having a break?
-Yeah.
You know. I would prefer it
if you didn't actually smoke
your doobies on my doorstep.
-I need a bath.
-Okay.
-Where's your dad?
-He's seeing a customer.
Can I get in my own house.
please?
-Your house?
-Yeah.
You own it. do you?
All the way
to the core of the Earth?
Well. the freehold. yeah.
Ash. how many times
have the English
come to this country
and told us
what's ours is now theirs?
Too many. Killy.
Thing is. though.
don't we always take it back?
Always. Henry VIII.
the Desmond Rebellions.
the Nine Years' War.
You heard of them?
Oliver Cromwell.
Ah. fuck it. yeah. How could
I forget that arsehole?
-Yeah.
-The famine.
-Nah. two famines.
-Two fuckin' famines. yeah.
Seems to me
that when the English
like the look of something.
they either buy it cheap.
or send an army in
to steal it.
Would you like some ketchup
with that massive chip
on your shoulder?
I like your place. boss man.
It's nice.
Maybe I should steal it.
No court in the land
would convict you. brother.
Yes. yes. they would.
And don't give me this
"Irish Rover" crap.
I'm not Oliver Cromwell.
I'm actually Irish.
-You? Irish?
-Yeah.
-Yeah?
Yeah. on his ma's side.
Da told me. His Auntie Maeve
used to own this place.
Ah. yeah. yeah.
That mad auld bitch
-that killed her kid. is it?
That's her. So that makes you
what. ugh... quarter Irish?
Quarter Irish?
Jaysus. it's like being
in the presence
of Michael Collins himself.
Oh. Jesus Christ!
Please. she's pregnant!
Jamie!
Maya?
-Maya!
-Maya! Maya!
-Darling Maya.
Ah. you know. Eoin's... simple.
But he doesn't mean any harm.
Yeah. I know. I was just
very scared. that's all.
And what about the other two?
They seem to be...
I'll have a word with them
tonight.
But. you know. their mother
passed away not so long ago.
-Oh. blimey. that's awful.
-Really sorry to hear that.
She could keep them
on the straight and narrow.
She just had to say a word.
Me? Well. I prefer the more
direct approach.
Yeah. all right. okay.
I don't want you
hitting your kids and...
Ah. Well.
they need to know their place.
We all need to know our place.
This is gonna sound
a little petty.
but they actually ate
all my chocolate Hobnobs.
I don't mind...
I don't mind if they ask.
but...
Well. far be it from me
to get between a man
and his choccy biscuits.
Oh. Jesus!
Oh. well. like I said.
I'll... I'll have a word.
-Thank you.
Well. see you
bright and early.
-See ya.
-Thank you. Mr. Whelan.
Daddy!
Why the fuck
does he keep on asking me
to fucking call him "Daddy"?
Just a fucking lunatic.
No. it wasn't
just the Hobnobs.
They ate
my fucking grapes. too.
Yeah. and one of them
left something in the loo.
What?
You are fucking kidding me!
Fuck's sake!
Hey...
Why don't you go and take that
out on the punch bag. babe?
They're fucking useless.
Useless bunch of...
Fucking hell.
-Eoin!
Eoin!
-Eoin. you're bleedin' thick.
-What the fuck?
Somebody
could have been killed!
-What are...? No. wait. wait.
What the fuck
are you laughing at?
Stop fucking laughing!
-Fuckin' chill out. man.
-No. no. This...
This is your problem.
You don't take anything
fucking seriously!
Hey. hey. Calm down.
calm down. Shh. Calm down.
It was a fuckin' mistake. man.
It was just an accident.
right?
No. no. no...
No. babe. they have to go.
You have to go right now!
No. I can't fucking take this
any more!
Calm down. please. Listen.
it was an accident. wasn't it?
That's what I've been saying.
But he keeps getting angry.
Are you frustrated. Jamie?
Do you know what? You are
unprofessional. You are lazy.
And... and you are thieves!
Baby. please.
-Thieves. is it?
-Hey. hey. hey. hey!
-Stop it! Stop it!
-You come into my house.
You break my things.
you take my stuff. you...
-Stop!
-Back off.
-Fuckin' big man!
Whoa-ho!
Fuckin' David Beckham.
Please stop.
Will you just shut
the fuck up right now.
please?
Oh. darling. it's all right.
It's okay.
I'm all right.
You're all right.
We're all okay.
Aren't we. yeah?
We're gonna fix it.
It was just an accident. okay?
It was just an...
-Hey. stop!
-What the fuck are you doing?
Hey. hey! Stop it!
Stop fucking... Stop it!
Daddy! Daddy. not in my home.
Your home. My child.
And I'll punish him
however I...
-Stop! Stop it!
Daddy. stop.
Step away.
-Who's the daddy now?
-I'm not talking to you.
-What did I do?
-Rory?
Wow.
Hello?
Is anyone there?
Oh. God.
-Oh. hello.
You're Rory's dog. Molly.
aren't you?
Where is he. then? Huh?
Is he drunk in a ditch
somewhere. the dirty bastard?
All right.
You want me to follow you?
I'm coming.
-Ah. you fuckin' eejit!
Ey? Do you think
I was done with ya?
-You fuckin' halfwit!
Now get out of me sight!
And if you're not back here
before we're done.
you can fucking walk home!
Molly. come on.
Oh. shit.
let's go home now.
Molly. I can't whistle and I'm
carrying an eight-pound baby.
Molly?
Molly. there you are.
you silly mutt.
Molly. what have you found?
Huh?
Rory?
Rory. are you there?
Molly?
Hello.
Oh. has something died
in here?
What the fuck is this place?
-Molly.
-Molly. come on.
Oh. you want me
to come down there with you?
No fucking way.
Molly. come on.
-Come on. Fine.
You can stay here.
but I'm not coming down there.
I'm going. I'm going.
Yeah. Good idea. Wait for me.
Molly?
Oh!
Oh. God. it's you.
Have you seen a dog?
It's Rory's dog.
It's the guy
that's gone missing.
I don't know if you know...
Hey. are you all right. Eoin?
My da hates me.
Hey. listen. um...
Hate's a strong word.
I mean. you're his son and...
Why would he do that?
He says...
He says when I was born.
I killed my mammy. and...
it...
it should've been me
and not her.
Jesus Christ.
Sorry.
They all hate me.
I'm not like them.
I'm not clever or funny
or cool. I...
I'm just a big. useless
fuckin' spud.
Shh. Come on. don't cry.
That's not true.
What the fuck would you know?
I actually do know. okay?
This is what bullies do.
Okay? They make you...
They make you think
that you're worthless.
and... and they abuse you.
I've not been abused.
Come on.
look at those bruises. Eoin.
-You need to tell someone.
-You can't tell anyone.
-You have to tell someone.
-No. you can't tell anyone.
Okay. okay.
-I won't tell anyone.
I'm gonna help you.
But you've gotta be strong.
-I am strong.
-No. I mean...
I mean. up here.
My da says the English
are all selfish. greedy cunts.
but... you're sound.
Oh. did he now?
Thank you.
No one's ever been this kind
to me before.
Okay. Well. you can let go
of my hand now. okay?
I really like you.
You're starting
to hurt me now.
No. no... No. no. no. Eoin.
Help!
Eoin. Please...
Please don't hurt me.
Oliver Cromwell.
Fucking Hobnobs!
-Prick!
-Jamie?
Jamie?
Daddy and the others.
are they here?
No. it's...
it's just you and me.
Why?
Maya?
Hey. what's up. baby?
Is it our baby?
I have something to show you.
Okay.
-Darling...
-Shh. shh.
Look...
shall we go back to the house?
Shh.
-What are you doing?
-Follow me.
-Maya. where are you...?
It's here. It happened right here.
Maya. Maya! Maya. come on.
Eventually you're gonna have
to tell me what's going on.
Eoin tried to kill me.
-He... he what?
-Yeah.
What... what did
he do to you? Where is he?
I'll fucking kill him!
No. no. no. he's already dead.
He's already dead.
I. um. kneed him in the balls
because he tried to attack me.
And then...
and then he held me down here.
-What?
-I couldn't breathe.
I thought I was gonna die.
I thought. "This is it."
And then they came out
of the woods.
-They? Who is they?
-There was a light.
-Who came out of the woods?
-And then I screamed for help
-and they came.
-Who... who came?
The Far Darrig.
The Little People.
-The Little People?
-Yeah. they had these knives
and cloaks and. fuck me.
when I say this out loud.
I know...
Hey. hey. hey.
It's okay. It's okay.
It's okay. Just look at me.
Look. is there any chance
this is. you know.
just... baby brain?
I didn't fucking imagine this.
-But this is...
-No. no. He was dragged here.
He was... he was dragged here
and then...
Ha! There! There!
Look at this! Explain that!
Explain it.
Wait... what am I looking at here?
It's... it's blood. isn't it?
Maybe your brain blocked
what really happened.
Oh. fuck's sake. Jamie.
Fuck's sake.
Look. all I'm saying is that
maybe he's done
a runner. okay?
He attacked you.
you kicked him in the balls.
or you... you cut him.
and... and he's done a runner.
No. that's...
that's not what happened.
Maya. Maya. Try and see this
from my point of view. okay?
Look. what is more likely?
What is more likely?
There's a hut.
Okay. there's a hut.
Deeper into the woods.
and it was this way.
And it's. um.
made out of stone.
-It looks like a beehive.
-All right.
And I think there were fucking
human bones in there.
-But Molly showed me.
-Who is Molly?
You know. Rory's dog. Molly.
All right. no. come on.
Let's...
let's go back to the house.
You're clearly
under a lot of stress.
-No. this isn't stress.
-Then what is it?
What is it?
You shout more.
-What?
-You know. since that night.
you shout more.
And you're punching things.
That's not the Jamie I know.
I married a nice guy.
And look where that got me!
Yeah. And I was beaten. too.
but you don't see me...
And I had to watch...
I had to watch!
As they threatened you
and my baby
and I couldn't do a thing!
Do you know what that's like?
Do you know
what that's like for a man?
Of course you fucking don't.
And it is my solemn promise
that I will never. ever allow
that to happen to you again.
Where are you going?
We're going home.
And then I'm going to the pub.
I'm gonna try one more time.
He better fuckin' answer!
Eoin. you big fat dope.
Where are you?
Da's going mental.
Answer your phone!
Eoin. we're renting
your room out. yeah?
So just fuck off and die.
Don't bother comin'...
Seriously. look. Da says
all is forgiven. yeah?
Just call us back.
-Prick.
-No sign of your brother. huh?
Are you listening in
on my call?
-Nosy bitch.
-First Rory. now Eoin.
Call the guards. Aisling.
Time to get them involved.
With all due respect. Father.
shut the fuck up.
There's our man.
Come on.
We've been looking for you.
handsome.
-Oh. you have?
-Mm-hm.
Where's Eoin?
I... I don't know.
what are you doing?
You got something
in your teeth?
Oh. Ash knows
how to spot a liar.
I'm... I'm not lying.
Well. she's never wrong.
though. so...
if you've anything to hide.
she'll find it.
No. no. seriously.
I'm not lying.
I haven't seen Eoin since...
this morning.
You're such an uptight.
frustrated little man. Jamie.
aren't ya?
I mean. look at you.
You're like a can of Coke.
You're all shook up
but there's no one
to crack the ring-pull.
So does he know
where Eoin is or what?
He knows something.
Just tell us. Jamie.
Just release all that tension.
Leave the lad alone.
Will you mind your own
business. you tramp?
This is our business.
He lives in our village.
-For. like. five minutes.
-You're barred.
I think you should leave now.
Yeah. not till we
take care of this. all right?
Oh. we all know
how you Whelans
take care of things.
Yeah. Mm-hmm.
Well. if you know anything.
or you hear anything.
you come to us.
To us.
And not your wives
or your husbands.
and not to Niamh or the local
fuckin' gossip. all right?
And don't go
to the fuckin' guards!
-You come to us. All right?
-Yeah.
That's it now. Come on. Out!
Bye. Jamie.
The Guinness
is shite in here. anyway.
-Are you all right?
-I'm fine. I'm fine.
-I am so sorry.
-No. don't worry.
Thank you for sticking up
for me. though.
-Will you have another pint?
-Love one.
-Good man.
-Thank you.
Fuck.
Help me!
Help!
Oh. fuck.
Amumma wikka babby.
Amumma! Ah!
Oh. come on! Fuck!
-Oh...
Fuck! Okay. Okay...
Fuck!
Hi. darling.
Do you know that Krav Maga...?
-What are you...?
-Shh. shh. shh.
I was only gone
for a couple...
I have something to show you.
You what?
Jesus. this is the last time
I go to the fucking pub.
Ow. babe. ow!
You're hurting me.
-Look in the bag.
-Why?
What are you fucking on about?
Do you believe me now?
Oh. fuck me. that's a head!
-That is a fucking head.
-I know. I know.
-What did you do?
-What did I do?
I... I didn't do anything.
That... that wasn't me.
Okay. I saw one.
It came through
the French windows
and it casually just
dropped it off like it was...
a fucking pizza delivery boy.
Ah. a-ha. I got photos.
I took loads of...
I took loads of photos.
Took loads of photos. Um...
Shit. they came out
really weird.
I think it's their idea
of a gift.
-Whose... whose idea?
-The Little People.
The Redcaps. The Far Darrig.
They're real.
Baby. they're real.
And they killed Eoin. And we
need to take it to the police.
And tell them what?
That he was decapitated
by a bunch
of fucking leprechauns?
Oh. God.
-Oh. fuck. oh. fuck...
-Oh...
Hide that. stay out of sight.
-I'm gonna get rid of them.
Uh... Who is it?
I want answers. Jamie!
Look. sorry. it...
it's really late.
We're actually
just going to bed.
Where's my boy?
Look. Daddy...
Colm. I have... I have no idea
what you're talking about.
He never left this place!
I think you know
what happened!
No.
we had nothing to do with it.
Nothing to do with what?
Nothing. nothing. We had
nothing to do with nothing.
Oh. yes. yes. yes. yes. yes.
you do! You do!
You do! You do! You do!
You pricks know something!
Now open this fucking door!
Whoa! Leave now or I...
I am calling the police!
-I... I'm dialing.
All right. calm yourself.
We're... we're going now.
Come on. kids!
Oh. fuck me.
Maya. where's your phone?
-Jesus!
-Get out!
Go away.
You... you can't do this!
Jamie. me boy.
when it comes to my family.
I do whatever I want.
-Jamie. listen.
If it was an accident.
I understand. Hm?
Eoin's a clumsy fucker
and I've been making excuses
for him for long enough.
If he touched your missus.
he has form there too.
and... and I'm sorry.
-But you have to let me know.
Okay...
And I'll be the one
to punish him.
Where is the good lady
Mrs. Jamie. huh?
She's uncharacteristically
quiet.
Aw. What have we got...
You're not
answering me. Jamie boy.
What? What?
You're probably
thinking of some other way
-to get help.
-Shit!
Let me reassure you.
this is not my first rodeo.
No. no. no... Fuck!
Last chance. Jamie.
What is it?
They...
-What?
-They...
What? Jesus!
-Oh. fuck!
It's...
-It's Eoin.
-Eoin?
Eoin!
Please. we need your help!
I'll kill him!
Oh. shit! Fuck!
Fuck this place up.
Killian!
Where are you?
Get the fuck down here!
Killy!
Oh! Fuck me!
Maya.
-Fuck!
Come on. fucker. Try me!
Go on. Go on.
Get out! Get out!
Fuck! Oh!
You all right there. fella?
Looks like
you're getting ready
to make breakfast. huh?
Oh-ho-ho!
Come on. then.
You gonna do this?
Come on.
What are you waiting for?
Oh. no. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I... I...
I didn't mean to...
Oh. God. no.
Please. God. this isn't fair.
No. no. this isn't fair.
We just came here
for some peace.
We just wanted some peace
for our baby.
Are you...
are you fucking crying?
This isn't fair.
Fair? Look at me. look at me!
When you fight like a girl...
No! Oh. please...
...you get fucked like a girl.
No. no. no. no. No. no...
How's that for fair?
Killian? Have you got him?
Fuck!
Hello. hello? Oh. fuck. fuck.
Yes. Yes!
Hello?
Please. I need your help!
Please!
Is anyone there?
I'll give you
anything you want.
Killian!
I'm in here. Da!
He's crying like a baby.
Aren't ya? Like a little
fuckin' baby. huh?
Jesus!
Look at the state of ya.
I don't know what happened
to Eoin.
Oh. well...
I've got his head. Hmm?
-Now where's the rest of him?
-Eoin's head? What?
Shut up. Killian.
I just want to bury
me son. hmm?
All of him.
-Now. where is he?
-I don't know.
No?
Ah. but your wife does.
doesn't she? Huh?
Oh! Oh. bejaysus.
look at that.
You stabbed him in the back.
huh?
You're a right fuckin' hero.
aren't ya?
Now. are you gonna tell me
what I want to know?
-Huh? Huh?
-Oh. please.
I'll tell you.
I'll tell you. I'll tell you.
but you're not
going to like it.
Try me.
It was the Far Darrig.
The Redcaps.
You know. the Little People.
They're real.
Killian. stop it!
Jesus Christ.
You know.
I came up here to kill you.
But if you tell me
where the person is
that knows what happened
to my son.
maybe. maybe...
I won't have to.
So are you gonna tell me
where I can find
that English bitch whore
you call a wife?
No. no. no. not now.
Da! Da. she's here!
Da. that stuck-up bitch is here!
Good. Good.
You killed my brother.
You bitch!
I'm gonna rip your head off.
I guess we don't need him
any more. huh?
-Look at me.
-Shh.
Kill that useless
streak of piss. Killian.
-Really?
-No.
It's time you became a man. son.
No...
-No.
-I'll make you proud. Da.
Please. please. please don't
kill me. Please don't kill me.
I'm begging you.
I'm begging you. please.
What...
What if the police catch you?
You'll regret this.
You will. You will.
Oh. no. this is it.
This is it.
Maya. I love you. I love you...
What the fuck is that?
Da. get it off me!
-What is it?
-A big fuckin' rat?
It's wearing clothes.
Or is it some sort of monkey?
It's wearing clothes!
Well. monkeys wear clothes
in the circus.
You should be
in the fuckin' circus.
You've the brains of a rocking
horse. do you know that?
-Killian.
-Yeah?
Go out to the van
and get the gun.
-What?
-Go on!
No.
No! Daddy. no!
Get it.
-Yes. get it.
-Fuck you!
What the fuck?
Fucking...
Oh. for fuck...
Not so smart now. are ya?
Oh. yeah. look at your brains.
You like that. do ya?
Stopped it.
Stopped it fidgeting.
What are you gonna do.
give me the bumps?
Wriggly piggly girl. ain't ya?
-Belly burst!
Back we go.
Da!
No. no...
So. who wants to see me
cut her again?
Shall I cut her again?
Look. Look!
See what happens
to nasty girls!
Da...
Da!
-Hey. Killian.
Look what they did to me. Da!
Look what they fucking did!
Open the door.
for fuck's sake!
Fuck off!
-Get out of there!
-Come on!
-Fuck! Hey. Da!
Help. Da!
Come here to me. son. Come here.
Jesus. Jesus!
Oh. Killian. Killian...
-No. no. no. no...
Listen. son...
I never told you this. but...
I'm proud of ya.
I'm so proud of ya.
I... I've al...
I've always been proud of ya.
Maya.
Maya!
Jamie!
That's mine! Mine!
-No. no. no!
No hitting.
They helped us. They helped us.
-Silly billy.
-They're real.
They're fucking real.
Fucking told you. didn't I?
-Okay.
We need to call an ambulance.
-We need to call an ambulance.
Are you out
of your fucking mind?
How do we explain this?
Yummy. Yum.
-Okay. breathe.
Get away from my girl!
-What? Huh? No!
To the clochán. run!
-Run. Get away! Get away!
Aisling...
It's okay. just breathe.
Okay. It's all right. Breathe.
Yes. just breathe.
What did you do
to my beautiful angel?
Not this time.
-No. no. no. Jamie! No. no...
-Hey. Hey.
It's always been you and me
versus the rest of the world.
Let's settle this like men.
-No. no. no. no. no...
Fuck! Maya!
-Redcaps?
Fuck me!
My mother used to
tell me stories.
People would...
ask for favours.
for gold. for love...
But there was always
a price to pay.
See... they were
the last of me slugs.
Heavy duty ones. you know.
that would blow
your fuckin' brains out!
-These are just... birdshot.
I'll have to get
right up close
to finish him off.
Please. please.
please. please. don't kill us.
Kill you? No.
No. From here...
this will hurt you real bad.
but you'll live.
Your baby. though...
You kill my kids.
I'll kill yours!
-You mutt!
How close do I need to get?
Are you okay?
Of course not. I'm having...
I'm having our baby.
-Okay. Okay.
Feast.
-Just keep breathing. darling.
Just keep breathing.
It's gonna be okay.
-Ah! Oh. careful of the glass.
Come here. Just...
-Oh. it's okay.
-Ooh!
-Okay.
-Okay. Okay.
-Just breathe. darling.
-I'm scared.
Just breathe. Don't be scared.
I'm here. Don't be scared.
-Don't be scared. I'm here.
You're doing great.
There. that's it. Go on. push.
-Okay.
-Right. that's it.
Okay. darling.
-It's coming.
-Here it comes. Here it comes.
-Oh!
Oh! It's a girl!
-It's a baby girl.
Hey!
-Hi.
-I'm so proud of you.
-You're okay.
-Oh. you're okay.
-Hi.
-Good day.
-Ah. How are ya?
I'm... I'm all right. I'm good.
Cut yourself shaving?
Something like that.
-Got any painkillers?
-Ah. sure. Of course.
I'm gonna go finish
tidying up.
I've gotta clean up that van.
Got his blood
all over this house.
What are we gonna
tell people. eh?
Shh. Whatever we tell them.
they're gonna make up their
own stories. aren't they?
But right this second.
I don't give a shit.
Yeah.
Perfect.
Noise cancellation. high.
Trauma and -
Accessing Healing Power
Through Mindfulness.
by Dr. Mark Oliver.
To heal from trauma
is to change the perception
of the traumatic episode
from helplessness to control.
By following my six simple
methods of disassociation...
No! No!
Jamie. where are you?
Jamie!
Jamie. they took her!
She's gone!
Jamie!
Come on.
Come on. Okay.
Okay.
Give me back my baby.
My babby.
Ah! Back. back!
No. you can't!
-Out! Out!
This what happen to me.
You're Maeve's child?
You're... you're the one
they took from her.
Me mammy cried.
No. please.
Let me just hold her. please.
She's here!
She grow big and strong.
Take me.
Please. take me. not her.
Please.
No. no. no. no. no. no.
Too old.
-Please.
-Baby cry. Oh...
-Play nice.
No. no...
Cry babby.
-Cry babby!
-Don't do it!
-Naughty girl.
-Play nice.
Am I nice. or nasty? Huh?
Play nice.
-No. no!
Far Darrig. Killed it.
Killed it! Killed it!
-No!
-Let me in!
-Let me through!
-Maya!
Oh.
Thank God. Hey.
Shh. shh. Shh. shh. Hey.
Daddy's here. Daddy's here.
Mother Redcap. Mother Redcap.
Maya?
-Mother Redcap...
Shh. shh.
Mother Redcap...
Maya?
Jamie.
You're just in time.
Mother Redcap. Mother Redcap.
Mother Redcap!
Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!
Oh! Mother Redcap!
Shh.